README.md, before:

# Migration Toolkit for Applications (MTA) Visual Studio Code Extension

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/windup/rhamt-vscode-extension/blob/master/README.md)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/redhat.mta-vscode-extension.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs/redhat.mta-vscode-extension.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/downloads-short/redhat.mta-vscode-extension.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension)
## Description

Welcome to Red Hat's application migration tooling!

This is the Visual Studio Code (VSCode) extension for the <b>Migration Toolkit for Applications</b> (MTA).

Migration Toolkit for Applications (MTA) (the product of the downstream project [Windup](https://github.com/windup/windup)) is a command-line Application Migration and Modernization Assessment tool.

> The documentation for MTA can be found [here](https://developers.redhat.com/products/rhamt/overview).

## VSCode

This extension is published [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension) in the Microsoft Visual Studio Marketplace.

![VSCode Extension Marketplace View](resources/mta_vscode_installation.png)

## Features

This extension provides the ability to analyze, assess, and migrate source code (using MTA) from within VSCode and Eclipse Che.

The look and feel of both VSCode and Eclipse Che are very similar; therefore, the functionality demonstrated below should be consistent between the two environments.

#### Configuration Editor
Use the configuration editor to setup the analysis.  
  
![Configuration Editor](resources/configuration_editor.gif)  

#### Jump to Code
Jump to code containing identified migration issues.  
  
![Configuration Wizard](resources/jump_to_code.gif)  

#### Issue Details
View details about the migration issue.  
  
![Configuration Wizard](resources/issue_details.gif)  
  
#### Report
Use the generated reports to better understand and assess the migration efforts.  
  
![Configuration Wizard](resources/report.gif)  

## Eclipse Che

This extension is supported in [Eclipse Che](https://www.eclipse.org/che/).

To add this plugin to a Che workspace, open Che, navigate to the plugins tab, and search using the keyword `migration`.

Alternatively, to add this plugin to a worksace, open Che, navigate to the Plugins view, and search for the `Migration Toolkit for Applications` plugin.

## Requirements

* Java Platform, `JRE version 11` with `JAVA_HOME` environment variable 
* A minimum of `4 GB RAM`; 8 GB recommended

> Tip: The mta-cli can be installed from within VSCode once the extension has been installed.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `mta.executable.path`: The location of the mta-cli.

## Build

```bash
$ npm run compile
```
=======

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

add release version to readme

README.md, after:

# Migration Toolkit for Applications (MTA) Visual Studio Code Extension

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/windup/rhamt-vscode-extension/blob/master/README.md)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/redhat.mta-vscode-extension.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs/redhat.mta-vscode-extension.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension)
[![Visual Studio Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/downloads-short/redhat.mta-vscode-extension.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension)
## Description

Welcome to Red Hat's application migration tooling!

This is the Visual Studio Code (VSCode) extension for the <b>Migration Toolkit for Applications</b> (MTA).

Migration Toolkit for Applications (MTA) (the product of the downstream project [Windup](https://github.com/windup/windup)) is a command-line Application Migration and Modernization Assessment tool.

> The documentation for MTA can be found [here](https://developers.redhat.com/products/rhamt/overview).

## VSCode

This extension is published [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.mta-vscode-extension) in the Microsoft Visual Studio Marketplace.

![VSCode Extension Marketplace View](resources/mta_vscode_installation.png)

## Currently Released Version

Version	0.0.91
References version 5.2.1.Final of the mta-cli
Released on	7/28/2020

## Features

This extension provides the ability to analyze, assess, and migrate source code (using MTA) from within VSCode and Eclipse Che.

The look and feel of both VSCode and Eclipse Che are very similar; therefore, the functionality demonstrated below should be consistent between the two environments.

#### Configuration Editor
Use the configuration editor to setup the analysis.  
  
![Configuration Editor](resources/configuration_editor.gif)  

#### Jump to Code
Jump to code containing identified migration issues.  
  
![Configuration Wizard](resources/jump_to_code.gif)  

#### Issue Details
View details about the migration issue.  
  
![Configuration Wizard](resources/issue_details.gif)  
  
#### Report
Use the generated reports to better understand and assess the migration efforts.  
  
![Configuration Wizard](resources/report.gif)  

## Eclipse Che

This extension is supported in [Eclipse Che](https://www.eclipse.org/che/).

To add this plugin to a Che workspace, open Che, navigate to the plugins tab, and search using the keyword `migration`.

Alternatively, to add this plugin to a worksace, open Che, navigate to the Plugins view, and search for the `Migration Toolkit for Applications` plugin.

## Requirements

* Java Platform, `JRE version 11` with `JAVA_HOME` environment variable 
* A minimum of `4 GB RAM`; 8 GB recommended

> Tip: The mta-cli can be installed from within VSCode once the extension has been installed.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `mta.executable.path`: The location of the mta-cli.

## Build

```bash
$ npm run compile
```
=======

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)
